[ NationalRad Sample Neuroradiology Report ]
Imaging Center
123 Main Street
Anywhere, USA 01234
Phone 123.456.7890
Fax 123.456.7890
PATIENT: JOHN SMITH
DOB: 5/5/1955
FILE #: 12345
PHYSICIAN: REFERRING
EXAM: MRI CERVICAL SPINE
DATE: 1/1/2011
Report approved on
NationalRad | Headquartered: Florida | Diagnostic Imaging Services: Nationwide | 877.734.6674 | www.NationalRad.com
CLINICAL INFORMATION
Left neck and shoulder pain for 2 months
COMPARISON
None
CONTRAST
None given
TECHNIQUE
MRI of the cervical spine was obtained with the following sequences: Axial GRE, sagittal T1, T2, and STIR.
FINDINGS
ALIGNMENT: There is straightening of the normal cervical lordosis which may be positional or related to
muscular spasm.
DISCS: There is moderate to severe disc space narrowing from C4-5 through C6-7 with prominent prevertebral
spondylosis.
CORD: Spinal cord is normal in caliber and signal intensity. Cerebellar tonsils are normally located.
BONE MARROW: No destructive bony lesions. There is low T1 signal intensity within the bone marrow
surrounding the left C4-5 facet joint which may be reactive to facet arthropathy.
Page 2 of 2
Report approved on
NationalRad | Headquartered: Florida | Diagnostic Imaging Services: Nationwide | 877.734.6674 | www.NationalRad.com
LEVEL BY LEVEL ANALYSIS:
C2-3: No disc osteophyte complex, spinal canal stenosis, or neural foraminal narrowing.
C3-4: There is a focal 1-2 mm central disc protrusion and mild right uncovertebral joint hypertrophy with
deformity of the ventral thecal sac with a mild spinal canal stenosis. No significant neural foraminal narrowing.
C4-5: There is a diffuse disc osteophyte more prominent on the left and left facet arthropathy with flattening of
the ventral thecal sac with a mild spinal canal stenosis and moderate right and moderate to severe left neural
foraminal narrowing.
C5-6: There is a diffuse disc osteophyte more prominent on the right and mild bilateral facet joint hypertrophy
with flattening of the ventral thecal sac with a mild spinal canal stenosis and moderate to severe right and mild
left neural foraminal narrowing.
C6-7: There is a diffuse disc osteophyte which results in flattening of the ventral thecal sac with a mild spinal
canal stenosis and moderate to severe bilateral neural foraminal narrowing.
C7-T1: No disc osteophyte complex, spinal canal stenosis, or neural foraminal narrowing.
OTHER FINDINGS: No paraspinal soft tissue mass.
IMPRESSION
1. Multilevel degenerative disease and facet arthropathy as detailed above, most severe from C4-5 through C6-7.
2. C6-7 mild spinal canal stenosis with flattening of the ventral thecal sac and moderate to severe bilateral neural
foraminal narrowing.
3. C5-6 mild spinal canal stenosis with flattening of the ventral thecal sac and moderate to severe right and mild
left neural foraminal narrowing.
4. C4-5 mild spinal canal stenosis with flattening of the ventral thecal sac and moderate right and moderate to
severe left neural foraminal narrowing. There is left facet arthropathy with surrounding low T1 signal intensity
within the bone marrow which is likely reactive.
[NationalRad Neuroradiologist]
Board Certified Radiologist
THIS REPORT WAS ELECTRONICALLY SIGNED